Document user management support in Navigator (#13085)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/tools/navigator/index.rst

.. note:: Navigator is compatible with these browsers: Safari, Chrome, or
   Firefox.

Logging in
**********

> By default, Navigator shows a drop down with the users that have been

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Navigator shows a drop-down list with the users that have been
```

For consistency with how we use the term elsewhere.

created via the :ref:`user management service <user-service>`. During
development, it is common to create these users in a
:ref:`Daml script <script-ledger-initialization>`: that you specify in the
``init-script`` section of your ``daml.yaml`` file so it is executed
on ``daml start``. Most of the templates shipped with the Daml SDK
already include such a setup script. Only users that have a primary
party set will be displayed.

After logging in, you will interact with the ledger as the primary

> party of that user meaning you can see contracts visible to that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
party of that user, meaning that you can see contracts visible to that
```

party and submit commands (e.g. create a contract) as that party.

> The party you are logged in is not displayed directly. However,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The party you are logged in as is not displayed directly. However,
```

Navigator provides autocompletion based on the party id which starts
with the party id hint so a good option is to set the party id hint to
the user id when you allocate the party in your setup script. You can
see an example of that in the ``skeleton`` template:

.. literalinclude:: /_templates/skeleton/daml/Main.daml
  :language: daml
  :start-after: -- user_setup_begin
  :end-before: -- user_setup_end

The first step in using Navigator is to use the drop-down list on the Navigator home screen to select from the available
users.

.. image:: images/choose-party.png
  :width: 30%
  :align: center

> The main Navigator screen will be displayed, with contracts that the primarty party of this user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main Navigator screen will be displayed, with contracts that the primary party of this user
```

is entitled to view in the main pane and
the  option to switch from contracts to templates in the pane at the left. Other options allow you to filter the
display, include or exclude archived contracts, and exercise choices as described below.

.. image:: images/example.png
  :width: 85%
  :align: center

> To change the active user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the active user:
```

#. Click the name of the current user in the top right corner of the screen.

#. On the home screen, select a different user.

.. image:: images/sign-out.png
  :width: 30%
  :align: center

You can act as different users in different
browser windows. Use Chrome's profile feature
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/2364824 and sign in as
a different user for each Chrome profile.

Logging in as a Party
=====================

Instead of logging in by specifying a user, you can also log in by
specifying a party directly. This is useful if you do not want to or
cannot (because your ledger does not support user management) create
users.

To do so, you can start Navigator with a flag to disable support for user management::

   daml navigator --feature-user-management=false

To use this via ``daml start``, you can specify it in your ``daml.yaml`` file::

  navigator-options:
    - --feature-user-management=false

> Instead of displaying a list of users on log in, Navigator will then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of displaying a list of users on login, Navigator will
```

display a list of parties where each party is identified by its
display name.

> Alternatively you can also specify a fixed list of parties in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively you can specify a fixed list of parties in your
```

``daml.yaml`` file. This will automatically disable user management

> and display those parties on log in. Note, that you still need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and display those parties on log in. Note that you still need
```
